and Sarah Palmer an infinity cic
Commander Lasky's waiting for you on the
NamUs
on our way
well someone's overcompensating by the
Fox Trot 766 to Spartan Palmer we're
finally in the air
chief unfortunately for us we've got to
manually bring down a couple of particle
cannons before we can get to the command
post chief Donner again the mammoths got
jetpacks on board if I were down there
I'd want one
gypsy companies this is captain Del Rio
the board is bring the shut down that
gravity wall so we can go home
good hunting infinity out
okay gypsy let's shake some dirt
got to Del Rio targeting pelicans are in
position near the particle cannons
waiting for the Mammoth's mini Mac to
take them out
seven six six lose some altitude you're
inside the kill box
get to the crash site and retrieve that
target designator gipsy in that no
chance of clearing those guns without it
it's three people